<h1>Focus Fun</h1> <p><strong>Focus Fun</strong> is a fast-paced and engaging Flutter game inspired by the popular Piano Tiles. It challenges players to focus and react quickly to hit the correct tiles, offering a fun way to test and improve their concentration and reflexes.</p> <h2>Features</h2> <ul> <li><strong>Dynamic Gameplay</strong>: Fast-paced action that requires quick reflexes and focus.</li> <li><strong>Sound Variety</strong>: Multiple sound options to keep the gameplay fresh and exciting.</li> <li><strong>Score Tracking</strong>: Collect points and stars as you play and track your progress.</li> <li><strong>User-Friendly Interface</strong>: Simple and intuitive design for an enjoyable gaming experience.</li> </ul> <h2>Demo Video</h2> <p>Watch the demo video to see Focus Fun in action:</p> <p><a href="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d981af7-c732-4ace-87f1-6ccd7583b34d">Demo Video</a></p> <h2>Installation</h2> <p>To get started with Focus Fun, follow these steps:</p> <ol> <li><strong>Clone the Repository</strong> <pre><code>git clone https://github.com/ahmedzayan7920/focus_fun.git</code></pre> </li> <li><strong>Navigate to the Project Directory</strong> <pre><code>cd focus_fun</code></pre> </li> <li><strong>Install Dependencies</strong> <pre><code>flutter pub get</code></pre> </li> <li><strong>Run the Application</strong> <pre><code>flutter run</code></pre> </li> </ol> <h2>Contributing</h2> <p>Contributions are welcome! To contribute to Focus Fun, follow these steps:</p> <ol> <li><strong>Fork the Repository</strong></li> <li><strong>Create a New Branch</strong></li> <li><strong>Make Your Changes</strong></li> <li><strong>Submit a Pull Request</strong></li> </ol> <p>Please ensure that your code adheres to the project's coding standards and includes appropriate tests.</p> <h2>Contact</h2> <p>For any inquiries or support, feel free to reach out:</p> <ul> <li><strong>LinkedIn</strong>: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmed-zayan-716789250/">Ahmed Zayan</a></li> <li><strong>WhatsApp</strong>: <a href="https://wa.me/201008537926">+201008537926</a></li> <li><strong>Email</strong>: <a href="mailto:ahmedabdallazayan@gmail.com">ahmedabdallazayan@gmail.com</a></li> </ul>
